c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\SgmlReader.WP7.dll
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\SgmlReader.WP7.pdb
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\miso\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\StringUtil.dll
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\StringUtil.pdb
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\Result.g.i.cs
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\バスで来た。.dll
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\バスで来た。.pdb
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\Bin\Debug\BusInfo.xap
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\バスで来た。.g.resources
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\バスで来た。.dll
c:\Users\miso\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ParseHTML\ParseHTML\obj\Debug\バスで来た。.pdb
